The following FAQs are found on CPF website.

Source:
https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/article/what-is-the-silver-support-scheme
What is the Silver Support Scheme?
The Silver Support (SS) Scheme is part of a wider suite of schemes (e.g. healthcare subsidies, GST voucher) that the Government has put in place to give seniors greater assurance in retirement.
 
It provides a quarterly cash supplement to seniors who had low incomes during their working years and now have little or no family support and resources in their retirement. The Government reviews the Scheme periodically to ensure that it continues to target seniors with less means.
 
Seniors who qualify for SS will automatically receive their cash supplement. No application is required.
 
To check your eligibility status or submit an enquiry, log in to e-services


Source: https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/article/do-i-qualify-for-the-silver-support-scheme
Do I qualify for the Silver Support Scheme?
The Silver Support (SS) Scheme is meant to support seniors who had low incomes during their working years and now have less in retirement. To identify this target group, three criteria are used in tandem – lifetime wages, housing type, and the level of family support.
 
Singapore citizens aged 65 and above will generally be eligible for the SS Scheme if they meet all of the following criteria:
 
1. Low lifetime wages - Total CPF contributions by age 55 is not more than $140,000. This refers to the total sum in an individual’s Ordinary Account and Special Account, including the amounts withdrawn for housing, education and investment.
 
Self-employed persons and platform workers should also have an average annual net trade income of not more than $27,600 when they were between the ages of 45 and 54. Net trade income refers to the gross trade income minus all allowable business expenses, capital allowances and trade losses as determined by IRAS; and
 
2. Housing type - Live in a 1- to 5-room HDB flat; and do not own, or have a spouse who owns, a 5-room or larger HDB flat, private property or multiple properties; and
 
3. Low family support - Live in a household with a monthly income per person of not more than $2,300.
 
CPF Board will automatically review your eligibility for SS every year. Eligible seniors turning age 65 will start receiving SS in the quarter they turn 65. Seniors who qualify for SS will receive a notification in December of the preceding year.
 
In addition to the notification, all Singaporeans aged 65 and above can check their SS eligibility by logging in to the SS e-services using their Singpass.

Source:https://www.cpf.gov.sg/service/article/how-will-i-receive-my-silver-support
How will I receive my Silver Support?
You will receive your Silver Support (SS) via one of the following payment methods.
 
i.    PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account (by default)
By default, SS will be paid to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account. To check your bank account details, please approach your bank.
 
ii.    Bank Transfer (if you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account)
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account with a PayNow-GIRO-participating local or foreign bank in Singapore but have provided your DBS/POSB, OCBC or UOB bank account to the Government previously, you will get your SS via bank transfer. You can check and update your bank account details registered with us by logging in to our e-services with your Singpass.
 
iii.    GovCash (if you do not have a bank account)
GovCash is a payment mode that allows Singaporeans to receive their benefits from Government agencies more quickly and conveniently. Nonetheless, you are encouraged to link your NRIC to PayNow with a PayNow-GIRO-participating local or foreign bank in Singapore to get your benefits earlier.
 
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account nor a bank account registered with us, you will get SS via GovCash. 